-how many people do we want to take survey? +limited audience as we don’t want to get in front of the main project
-will it only be accessible online? + yes, but that does include bringing a laptop to public events
-neighborhood engagement? +probably not too much at the survey level, everyone is very familiar with the site already
-Can we make 190 acres feel more tangible to people? (190 Acres =
0.296875 Square Miles = 5.9375 city blocks) +Sure, I’m a fan of mixing up the phrasing so it catches different audiences. Will depend on case-by-case. 
 
 
Disclaimer that this survey won’t change anything.
Include a map of the space.


LONGER SURVEY / MVP VERSION:

Welcome to our survey on the future of the RFK Campus! This is a chance to share your opinions and preferences on what should happen next with the 170+ acres of space at RFK.

Here’s where we are: right now, the entire 190 acres is under the control of the federal government. However, the DC government and Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton are working on a way to transfer the land to the residents and government of the District of Columbia.

Right now, it’s a rare blank slate in a crowded city and a chance to start a conversation on what should go there. Some have proposed a new NFL stadium for the Washington Redskins. But what else could go there?

Take this survey to share some initial, big picture preferences:

Question #1: Rank the following categories from most important to least important (1-11) that you would most want to see included in any development of the space:
1) Houses and apartments,
2) Local shops and restaurants, 
3) National chain stores and restaurants
4) Entertainment or sports complex (5,000-7,000-person capacity)
5) NFL football stadium (60-90,000-person capacity)
7) Outdoor recreation space in addition to the Fields at RFK (ie sports fields, playgrounds)
8) Parks (ie nature preserves, access to the Anacostia River)
9) Recreation Center or Public Library
10) Public Parking
11) Office space
12) Smaller Arts Space or Music Venue

Question #2: If more housing were to be built, regardless of the price to rent or own, what kind would you like to see built:
a) High-density housing such as apartments and large condo buildings
b) Medium-density housing such as row houses
c) Low-density housing with detached houses each on their own lot

3: If you want a sports or entertainment complex on the site, what size facility would you prefer?

No sports or entertainment complex
Small (5,000-7,000-person capacity such as a concert venue)
Medium (20,000-person capacity, such as a basketball stadium)
Large (60-90,000-person capacity, such as a football stadium)

4. Would you support the majority of the available land should be used to build a new NFL Football Stadium, including parking facilities?

5: What kind of retail businesses would you like to see in the area? Check all that you believe the area would support:
Grocery Store
Coffee Shops
Small Retail Businesses
Large Big Box Store
Bars
High-End dining
Casual Dining
Fast Food
Farmer’s Market

6: How important is public transportation, including potentially dedicated bus lanes or improved access to the Metro, as part of the design to you?

7. How much do you care what ultimately happens with the RFK campus? I care a lot, I care somewhat, I do not care at all.

7: What are your questions or concerns about developing the land?Do you have any feedback in particular about the possibility of an NFL stadium? [open feedback]

Help us understand who’s taking this survey:

8: Are you a DC resident? Y/N?

9: What would be your primary interest in any redevelopment of the RFK Campus? I’d like to live there, I’d like to have amenities closer, I’d like it to be a destination, I’d like access to the river, I’d go to an NFL game, other

9a: If you would be interested in living in housing built on the RFK campus, how large is your household? [comment section]

10: Anything else you want to see included that you weren’t asked about? [open feedback]



SHORT VERSION / INFORM MAP BUILD ONLY:

Intro text:
RFK stadium
City blocks
We are collecting data about what people would like to see in that space

What do you think should be considered on the RFK Stadium land?
Residential,
Small Retail, 
National Chain,
Entertainment or Sports Complex (5,000-7,000 capacity),
An NFL Football Stadium (60-90,000),
Public Transportation,
Park Space + Green Space + Recreation Fields/ Courts
Community Arts Space,
Industrial / Waste Management
Nature preserves
Ample parking

Anything else you want to see included that you weren’t asked about? [open feedback]

Are you a DC resident?

If you would like to receive updates about this project, please share your email address:
